{
    "Mark0825: The bread was fresh and delicious, and the cake was just as good! Looking forward to paying and receiving more treats soon. – 4 stars.",
    "03jane_: Unfortunately, my order was cancelled. I was looking forward to the muffins and cake, but I guess it wasn’t meant to be. – 2 stars.",
    "_eddie: The bread and pastries were okay, but not as good as I expected. The order status changing to 'Processing' didn’t help the experience. – 3 stars.",
    "anna328_: The biscuits were fantastic! They were perfectly crispy and sweet. Everything arrived as promised. – 5 stars.",
    "andrew_520: The muffins were great, but the cakes didn’t meet my expectations. I hope the payment issues get sorted out soon. – 3 stars.",
    "chen0lee: My order was cancelled, which was disappointing. The bread and pastries I had ordered seemed promising. – 2 stars.",
    "anna_: The cakes were amazing, and the muffin was a nice addition. The processing time was a bit long, but the quality made up for it. – 4 stars.",
    "boa20prim: Bread and biscuits were good, but not outstanding. The order status being 'On the way' was confusing. – 3 stars.",
    "october.06: The cake and pastry were both delicious and arrived on time. Very satisfied with the delivery. – 4 stars.",
    "ethan_wood: The muffin and biscuit were decent, but I’m still waiting on the delivery. The 'Pending' status is a bit frustrating. – 3 stars.",
    "im.david: The pastries and bread were delightful, but the processing time seemed longer than expected. Overall, still a good experience. – 4 stars.",
    "noah_lee: Cancelled order was a letdown. I was excited about the muffin and cake but didn’t get a chance to try them. – 2 stars.",
    "scott_lee02: The pastries and bread were excellent, and the delivery was timely. Great service overall. – 5 stars.",
    "_orson_: The biscuit was tasty, and the cake was good. However, 'On the way' status left me wondering about the delivery timeline. – 4 stars.",
    "yubin00: The bread was fresh, and the muffin was a nice treat. Everything was processed well, though the 'Processing' status made me anxious. – 4 stars."
}
